docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/security.rst

========
Security
========

Securing Endpoint Access
------------------------

Server Side Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For authentication on the BentoServer endpoint itself, a simple way to do it is via
> :code:`bentoml.Service`'s :code:`add_asgi_middleware` API. This API supports mounting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable authentication for a given BentoServer endpoint, An authentication middleware can be added to :code:`bentoml.Service`'s via :code:`add_asgi_middleware` API. This API supports mounting
```

Reverse Proxy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> It is more common to setup a reverse proxy server in front of a backend service, which
> handles rate limiting and authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a common practice to set up a reverse proxy server to handle rate limiting and authentication for any given backend services.
```

Service Mesh
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For Kubernetes users looking for advanced authentication, access control, and routing
> policies, we recommend deploying bentos with `Yatai <https://github.com/bentoml/Yatai>`_
> and using Yatai's `Istio <https://istio.io/>`_ integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes users looking for advanced authentication, access control, and routing
policies, we recommend you to deploy Bentos with `Yatai <https://github.com/bentoml/Yatai>`_
and use Yatai's `Istio <https://istio.io/>`_ integration.
```
